Update stewardship guildelines and process (#7867)
processing/p5.js: contributor_docs/steward_guidelines.md

---

## Stewardship

### Community Care

An open source ethos includes [accessibility, education, collaboration, transparency, and agency](https://www.opensourceethos.net/). To live and practice these values while we write code together needs a lot of community care. These are the community care practices that are part of our definition of stewardship:

1. Welcoming new contributors to GitHub through **friendly comments** and helpful **code reviews**
2. Helping to **facilitate feature discussions** and resolve technical disagreements

> 3. Suporting **releases** of the p5.js software through bug reporting, bug fixing, feature completion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Suporting releases of the p5.js software through **supporting** bug fixing and feature completion
```

> 3. Suporting **releases** of the p5.js software through bug reporting, bug fixing, feature completion

Reviewer 2: "Supporting" very minor typo, in case it wasn't intended

- **Accessibility**: This area specifically refers to digital and web accessibility, including, for example, screen reader support via API like `describe(..)` as well as accessibility support on the reference website
- **Core**: Refers to core p5.js API, including rendering and environment
- **DevOps**: Refers to build process, unit testing, and other aspects of the development experience
- **Documentation**: includes both reference in the core codebase that is exposed on the website, the contributor docs, and other website content
- i18n (Internationalization / **Translation**): Includes reviewing translations, particularly for `es`, `hi`, `ko`, `zh`
- **Graphics**: Contains subareas of WebGL and [p5.strands](https://beta.p5js.org/tutorials/intro-to-p5-strands/)
- **Color**: Includes Color, ColorMode, accessibility improvements around color usage, colro in 2D and 3D, and so on
- **Typography**: Refers to all topics on handling text and font
- **Math**: Includes both external Math API and internal performance improvements
- **Shapes**: Includes working with custom shapes in both 1.11.x and 2.x versions of p5.js
- **Maintainers**: This group can merge PRs

> - **p5.sound.js**: The [new p5.sound.js](https://github.com/processing/p5.sound.js) addon library

Author: It seems it's made its way into the dictionary of my mind. Add-on was definitely the intent!
